Add Azure Marketplace deployment documentation (#710)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: setting_up_firely_server/deployment/azureMarketplace.rst

.. _deploy_azure_marketplace:

Using Firely Server from Azure Marketplace
==========================================

Firely Server is available in the Azure Marketplace, which allows you to deploy it easily on Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) with a single click. 
This deployment method uses an embedded Helm chart, which simplifies the setup process and provides a consistent configuration experience.
The Azure Marketplace deployment is ideal for users who want to quickly get started with Firely Server on Azure without needing to manually 
configure Kubernetes resources.

In order to deploy Firely Server from the Azure Marketplace, follow these steps:

1. Go to the `Azure Marketplace <https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps?search=Firely&page=1>`_ and search for "Firely Server".

> 2. Click on the "Create" button to start the deployment process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on the "Get it now" button to start the deployment process.
```

> 3. On the first panel, provide the Azure subscription, the resource group and the cluster where Firely Server should be deployed.

Reviewer: I'd highlight that it's required to manually create the cluster beforehand? Can we link to instructions on how to do this?

4. On the second pane, provide the parameters for configuring the deployment. 
5. Click "Review + Create" to review your settings and then click "Create" to deploy Firely Server.

You can monitor the deployment progress in the Azure portal under the "Deployments" section of the selected resource group.

> For the most basic deployment, you can simply specify the extension resource name and the license, and leave the other parameters at their default values.

Reviewer: I think it requires and extra sentence what the "extension resource name" is.

Reviewer: As long as it's not hard-coded, should we suggest to use "firely-server-market-place"?

Author: Yes... but at the moment, it is not possible. I need to modify the constrain on the UI side because so far the dash is not allowed. I can change, republish and try out, even providing this a default value.

- **Certificate Issuer** (``CertificateIssuer``):  
  The name of the certificate issuer to use for Firely Server when Ingress with TLS is enabled. Must be at least 4 characters long and can include alphanumeric characters, dots, and dashes. *(Required if Ingress with TLS is enabled)*

- **Service Type** (``ServiceType``):  
  The Kubernetes service type for exposing Firely Server. Choose from:
  
  - ``LoadBalancer``: Exposes the service externally using a cloud provider's load balancer. Typically used if not using Ingress.
  - ``ClusterIP``: Exposes the service on a cluster-internal IP. Must be used if Ingress is enabled.
  - ``NodePort``: Exposes the service on each node's IP at a static port.
  
  *(Required)*

- **License** (``License``):  
  The Firely Server license in JSON format. This field is required and must be a valid JSON object (starts and ends with curly braces). An evaluation license can be retrieved from `the Firely Portal <https://fire.ly/firely-server-trial/>`_.

> - **appsettings** (``appsettings``):  

Author: TODO: add doc on how to update the appsettings.
